The door remained open; the appearance of Athos, whose wound was known to all, despite the desire to keep it a secret, made a strong impression. The captain's last words were received with a cry of pleasure, and two or three heads, carried away by delight, appeared from behind the drapery.
No doubt de Treville would stop it with harsh words
violation of the rules of etiquette, but he suddenly felt that the hand of Athos was convulsively clenched in
his hand and noticed that he was losing consciousness. At that very moment Athos, having gathered all his
strength to overcome the pain, finally defeated by her, fell as if dead on the parquet.
- Surgeon! shouted de Treville - my, royal, best surgeon - or my brave
ry Athos will die.
At the cry of de Treville, everyone rushed to his office and began to fuss about the wounded man. But
all their efforts would have been useless if the doctor had not happened in the house itself; he passed
through the crowd, approached the insensible Athos and, as the noise and movement prevented him,
then he asked, first of all, that the musketeer be immediately transferred to the next room. De-
Treville opened the door and showed the way to Porthos and Aramis, who carried their comrade away in their arms.
This group was followed by a surgeon; the door closed behind him.
Then de Treville's study, a place usually highly respected, became like
front. Everyone reasoned aloud, spoke loudly, cursed, sent the cardinal to hell
and his guards.
A minute later Porthos and Aramis returned; only the surgeon and de Treville remained beside
wounded.
 flag   = 129348437517381
[Verse 1]
I broke the law in Madrid, and I'd do it again
I got a bitch in every city that I ever been
I thought the money would do something for the sadness in
Me, but I'm deeper in the abyss than I have ever been
I've got two million other tracks that all sound like this
So this flow is for the kids that all miss that shit
But really, I could give a fuck when anybody miss
I'm too chaotic, and the music gon' reflect that shit

[Verse 2]
You think you got it, oh, you think you got it
I always promised I would never rap about a narcotic
I'll keep my promise, but know that I'm still bein' honest
The help I need ain't comin', now I'm pushing a button
To self-destruct me, and, no, I don't wanna talk about it
I'll never take you up on your offer to try to help me out of it
It's just a matter of time until I rest my eyes
Go to sleep, and never come out of it

[Pre-Outro]
(This is the only way that I'll ever be, cut and run, I'm not sorry)
This is the only way that I'll ever be, cut and run, I'm not sorry
You can't get too close to me, you can't get too close to me
You can't get too close to me, I'll never be the "me" in your dream, I'm not sorry
(This is the end for me)
(This is the end for me)

[Outro]
This is the only way that I'll ever be, cut and run, I'm not sorry
You can't get too close to me, I'll never be the "me" in your dream, I'm not sorry
This is the only way that I'll ever be, cut and run, I'm not sorry
You can't get too close to me, yeah
You can't get too close to me

[Verse 1]
Fuck everything, I'm gone (Gone)
Leave it alone
Every time I get so close then it all gets blown (Blown)
Don't play along
Everybody think they know, but they all just clones
Marchin' along
Really wanna give my skull a brand new hole (A brand new hole)
But I won't, though
I don't wanna get no blood on my Grandma floor (Floor)
Burden my soul
One foot in the plane and the other one in inferno ('No)
Master your alchemy, master the world, listen, as above, so below
Pussy ass bitch don't know a damn thing except what the fuck you told (Told)
You cannot fuck with a level mage like Ghoste

[Chorus]
I wake up in the morning feelin' like I'm John Dee
Got my black magic book, and drew a circle 'round me
Bish, I wake up in the morning feelin' like I'm not me
I'm a beast, I'm a killer, I'm a young Crowley
Bitch, I wake up in the morning feelin' like I'm John Dee
Got my black magic book, and drew a circle 'round me
Bish, I wake up in the morning feelin' like I'm not me
I'm a beast, I'm a killer, I'm a young Crowley

[Verse 2]
Come to my show, get fucked in your soul
Spittin' that hate, better get your ass on
I got a lot of shit but no control
Draw me a circle 'round me on the floor
Summon the demons that worship the goat
Deep in abyss, here they come and they go
Snatchin' your soul, leavin' just skin and bones
Eternal torture, I'm stealin' your ghost
Had enough dope
Had enough hope
How do I cope?
Where do I go?
No one I know
Seen what I seen, I'm a lonely soul
I can barely tell a friend from foe
All that I know
Is I don't know
Where to call home?
Where to go?
No heart I can stow
In a safe place, I'm a dead end joke
Still want to come to the plane?
Let's go

[Bridge]
I hate everything
I hate everything
We are not the same, I can feel no pain
I hate everything
I hate everything
We are not the same, I can feel no pain

[Chorus]
I wake up in the morning feelin' like I'm John Dee
Got my black magic book, and drew a circle 'round me
Bish, I wake up in the morning feelin' like I'm not me
I'm a beast, I'm a killer, I'm a young Crowley
Bitch, I wake up in the morning feelin' like I'm John Dee
Got my black magic book, and drew a circle 'round me
Bish, I wake up in the morning feelin' like I'm not me
I'm a beast, I'm a killer, I'm a young Crowley